Add release note for better error message for circular references (#27456)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

> Get more help at https://help.gradle.org.
```

#### Better handling of circular references in providers

> Before this release, evaluating a provider that contained a cycle in its value assignment would lead to a `StackOverflowError`. Starting with this release, circular references are properly detected and reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this release, evaluating a provider that contained a cycle in its value assignment would lead to a `StackOverflowError`. 
Starting with this release, circular references are properly detected and reported.
```

> For instance, code like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, the following code:
```

```
def property = objects.property(String)
property.set("some value")

// wrong, self-references only supported via #update()
property.set(property.map { "$it and more" })

println(property.get()) // error when evaluating
```

> before this release, would fail with an `StackOverflowError`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously failed with a `StackOverflowError` and limited details:
```

```
FAILURE: Build failed with an exception.

* What went wrong:
A problem occurred evaluating root project 'test'.
> java.lang.StackOverflowError (no error message)

```

> Starting with this release, you get a more helpful error message indicating the source location where the cycle was detected and a list of the providers in the chain that led to a cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with this release, you get a more helpful error message indicating the source of the cycle and a list of the providers in the chain that led to it:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
